In order to fully test and improve the prototypes that are designed, a set of
user personas has been developed. Together, they represent a very wide range of
use cases, user abilities, and user preferences.

- We've covered people from a wide range of ages, occupations and technical abilities, lifestyles
- Want to cover all different requirements/restrictions, accessibility/disability
- People who might actually use the application
- Allows emphasis to be placed on elements when developing product

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod
tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At
vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren,
no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod
tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At
vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren,
no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod
tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At
vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren,
no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod
tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At
vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren,
no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod
tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At
vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren,
no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

\begin{figure}[ht]
	\begin{minipage}[ht]{0.7\textwidth}
	\centering
		\begin{tabularx}{\textwidth}{l Y Y Y Y Y}
 			\multicolumn{3}{c}{Not Important} &  & \multicolumn{2}{r}{Very Important} \\
 	 		 & 1 & 2 & 3 & 4 & 5 \\
			\midrule
			Time & E & & S & C & W \\
			Location & W & & C & E & S \\
			Sport & W & C & E & & S \\
			Price & W & E & & C & S \\
			\\
			\multicolumn{3}{c}{Incompetant} &  & \multicolumn{2}{r}{Competant} \\
			\midrule
			Technicallity & E & & W & & S/C
		\end{tabularx}
	\end{minipage}%
	\begin{minipage}[ht]{0.3\textwidth}
	\centering
		\begin{tabular}{r l}
			E & Elderly\\
			W & Working\\
			S & Student\\
			C & Child
		\end{tabular}
	\end{minipage}

\end{figure}
\bigskip
\bigskip
\bigskip
\bigskip
\bigskip
\bigskip
\bigskip
\bigskip
\bigskip
